The Flavor of Freedom: Wallpaper Contest

OpenMandriva Lx is in the Cooker but we need to add more flavor to it—some spicy,
juicy new wallpapers. We need the help of our fellow community to build the best
looking wallpaper we can get.

The theme for the competition is “The Flavor of Freedom”; so try to stick to the
theme.

Of course there are some rules (why, why?!):

* All submissions should be original works, and carry a license equivalent to
    CC by SA.
* Wallpapers could be Photography, Digital Art, or Art, falling in categories
    like Abstract, Monochrome, Animal life, Landscapes, Local culture.
* The submissions must not contain anything that can be offensive to others;
    so we suggest to not submit religious, sexual, violent materials.
* The pictures should not contain any recognizable people.
* Image dimensions should preferably be 1920×1200; image size shouldn’t
    exceed 2 MB;
* A user may submit more than one wallpaper.

Entries can be submitted to http://wiki.openmandriva.org/en/Artwork/Wallpapers.

Let the creations begin!

http://blog.openmandriva.org/en/2013/08/the-flavor-of-freedom-wallpaper-contest/


Winners:

Filename|Name|Author|link

flavor_of_freedom-01|Cantaloupe island|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=109&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-02|Dantes skyline|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=83&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-03|Descartes awakening|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=84&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-04|Glacier|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=23&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-05|Kampenwand|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=25&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-06|Lake Walen|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=33&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-07|Misty mountains|Caig|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=110&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-08|Mythen|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=37&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-09|Pastures|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=24&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-10|Reflection 2|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=36&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-11|Talalp|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=43&part=e&download

Other wallpapers:

Filename|Name|Author|link

flavor_of_freedom-12|Above the clouds|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=14&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-13|Bee|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=15&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-14|Campanulas|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=16&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-15|Caravan|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=108&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-16|Cherry Tree|Frank Quotshalla aka Gutschy|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=111&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-17|Chwido climbing mountains|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=32&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-18|Chwido on the Rocks|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=30&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-19|Chwido1|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=42&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-20|Filzbach|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=40&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-21|Fireworks|Damien Rivoal|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=17&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-22|Flower Power|Frank Quotshalla aka Gutschy|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=112&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-23|Forest|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=18&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-24|Free Love Chains|Frank Quotshalla aka Gutschy|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=113&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-25|Frozen river|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=22&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-26|Gandhis Silence|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=85&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-27|Gillespies Tree2|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=106&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-28|Gillespies Tree|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=107&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-29|Hawkings Universe|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=86&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-30|Hendrixs Beach|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=87&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-31|In A Sentimental Mood|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=105&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-32|Machiavellis Playfulness|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=88&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-33|Marie Curies Tools|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=89&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-34|Marita Verón|Luigisinbigotes|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=44&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-35|Mood Indigo|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=100&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-36|My Funny Valentine|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=101&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-37|Nahstye Blues|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=102&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-38|Observatory|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=21&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-39|Partículas do fim|Guilhermems|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=94&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-40|Pathway|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=35&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-41|Reflection|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=39&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-42|Rock|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=38&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-43|Siddharthas Way|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=90&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-44|So What2|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=104&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-45|So What|Kekek|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=103&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-46|Sunset|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=19&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-47|Swiss autumn|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=26&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-48|Swiss november|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=34&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-49|Swiss winter|Bero|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=20&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-50|Ubaye calcaire rose2|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=114&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-51|Ubaye calcaire rose|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=137&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-52|Ubaye chalet|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=136&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-53|Ubaye couleurs automne2|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=134&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-54|Ubaye couleurs automne3|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=133&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-55|Ubaye couleurs automne4|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=132&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-56|Ubaye couleurs automne|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=135&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-57|Ubaye foret soleil|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=131&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-58|Ubaye graminee|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=130&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-59|Ubaye lauzes|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=129&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-60|Ubaye maurin|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=123&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-61|Ubaye meleze assis|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=128&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-62|Ubaye melezes2|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=126&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-63|Ubaye melezes3|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=125&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-64|Ubaye melezes4|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=124&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-65|Ubaye melezes|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=127&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-66|Ubaye plan parouart2|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=121&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-67|Ubaye plan parouart|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=122&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-68|Ubaye pont du chatelet|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=115&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-69|Ubaye reflets2|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=119&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-70|Ubaye reflets|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=120&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-71|Ubaye sorbier des oiseleurs|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=118&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-72|Ubaye tremble automne|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=117&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-73|Ubaye vallon serenne|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=116&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-74|Voltaires Virtue|Monty|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=91&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-75|Wall|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=41&part=e&download
flavor_of_freedom-76|White walls|jclv|http://gallery.openmandriva.org/action.php?id=28&part=e&download
